Why have you been
acting that way?
Well...
Please go.
Go quickly.
Can't a boss and his
assistant leave together?
That's not it. I...
Did you do something
wrong?
Will someone
come and get you?
You've been acting anxious
the whole day.
Why are you so restless?
The thing is...
(Boss and assistant's
shocking cohabitation)
(Living in the same house)
Right? She had a scandal
last time too.
You're right.
Guys, did you see this?
- Yes.
- I did.
- She's such a disgrace.
- It must be true.
She and her last boss were
involved in a scandal too.
They're together.
- Is that her?
- She's such a witch.
Isn't that the woman
from last time?
She was kicked out
for the same thing.
It is her.
She was in a scandal
with Mr. Bong.
- They're together.
- She's at it again.
She's such a witch.
Will she get kicked out
this time?
What a piece of work.
Are you all right?
Don't mind them. Let's go.
Yoon Yi.
What's wrong?
Are you okay?
Are you...
Yoon Yi!
Yoon Yi.
Don't come.
Don't come close.
I just...
I just want to be alone.
(Come Closer or Go Away)
Yoon Yi.
Yoon Yi, open the door.
(Mr. Nitpick)
The number you're calling
is not available. Leave...
Thank you.
You're six minutes late.
- I paid him extra...
- I don't care.
Open it.
I'm so honored...
that I can be of help.
I'm sure YB Group could
use a talent like me.
Yes. Move.
- Key.
- Okay.
Go.
Wait, my resume...
Do you
still want to be alone?
All right.
I'm innocent.
I'm so upset.
Why do such scandals
always say...
that the assistant
seduced the boss?
They don't know
anything about it,
but they give me
such dirty looks.
Why are they saying
I have to quit?
Who says you have to quit?
That won't happen.
You're wrong.
The company
will only choose you.
I've been through it
before.
But I'm on your side.
I can't work
without my assistant.
You're the one
that helps me...
be a good boss.
That's why I would never
let you go.
Other assistants...
can work just like me.
You pay a lot of attention
to others.
You also get your nose
in everything.
You make people laugh,
and you're warm
to be around.
I'm jealous of you
for being like that.
If I can help it,
I want to be someone
like you.
So, why would I
send you away?
For whom?
Don't you agree?
In which comic book...
did you find this quote?
It's a secret.
I won't...
hide behind you.
I'll fight against them.
I didn't
do anything wrong.
I'll stay strong.
I'll be myself.
Let's go. Let's go.
Let's go.
I thought
you were leaving early.
I woke up late.
I see.
It's snowing so much.
I thought it might be
too bright out,
but it's not.
It's a perfect day
for a fight.
Let's be cheerful.
Let's go.
Okay.
Don't be so nervous.
People will
forget everything...
in a few days.
If we tell them the truth,
we can make things right.
Okay.
Chin up.
Stand up straight.
Look forward,
and be confident.
Let's go.
Gosh. Are you okay?
Come this way.
Did all of you
get the call?
We'll be interviewed
for screening.
It has finally
come to this.
There is no secret
in this world.
Are you saying
all of you knew?
That's not important.
What do we do now?
What if one of them
is asked...
- to change departments?
- It's probably...
Yoon Yi who will leave.
No! Not Yoon Yi.
I won't let her go.
Who are you to say that?
Did you know too?
Since it came to this,
I better come clean.
I'll protect Yoon Yi.
Yoon Yi and I...
(Interview at 10am
regarding posting)
You're saying the man
she dated a long time...
was you?
- Yes.
- Was it a fling...
with Mr. Nam?
Exactly.
Are you crazy?
Are you shooting a drama?
Is this a set? Cut.
- Good work.
- Thank you.
Your acting is getting
better. Hey!
Hey.
How can her new
and old boyfriends...
be in one department?
On top of that,
in this
kind of relationship?
That must mean Mr. Nam...
was jealous of you
and that's why...
he sent you on
business trips.
- Yes.
- Is that so?
Hey, you should
become a writer.
You could write
an office romantic comedy.
I'll watch your drama.
What's wrong with them?
Why won't they believe me?
I have the family register
and the rental agreement.
I included all
the documents you need.
I'm legally divorced,
and I'm a tenant
at my assistant's house.
That's not a fact.
Mr. Bong and I were
never in a relationship.
But now...
That's right.
Ms. Jwa and I are dating.
If you think...
we shouldn't be working
in the same department,
then...
I will accept a transfer.
However, we won't
go on the waitlist...
or accept a request
to resign.
You dropped it in my car
last night.
Thank you.
Also, for driving me home
yesterday.
What is it?
What about the files
for the meeting?
Right.
It's ready. You can
leave around 1pm.
(My sister Mi Ae)
Are you sure
that's the person...
who wrote the posting on
our corporate bulletin...
at 6:37pm yesterday?
Yes.
Okay. I got it.
Sir?
Here is the list
of broadcast material.
Whoever wrote it
planned it through.
I asked IT
to track the IP address.
It was a laptop of someone
who quit yesterday.
Can you think of anyone
around Mr. Cho?
No.
They even posted
our selfies.
They must have stolen it
from one of our phones.
Did you ever
lose your phone...
or lend it to someone?
Not at all.
I always keep it...
Hey, Yoon Yi.
I'm out of battery.
Can I borrow your phone?
We're going
our separate ways.
I will only think about
myself from now.
- What's wrong?
- Pardon?
It's nothing.
You're so smart.
I don't care who has
what degree.
You're so talented.
Ma Bo Na is the best.
What will happen
to the two of them?
They will split apart
for sure.
Nam Chi Won won't be
able to reform or report.
It's the end for him.
I better take this chance
to pull him down.
As for Jwa Yoon Yi...
What do you want me to do?
I'll do
whatever you ask me.
A departmental transfer
will do.
That's it?
Sure. I'll consider it.
I will grind them
to a pulp.
What?
The person who leaked
the pictures.
If I find out who it is,
I will grind them in the
blender and drink it up.
If they were able
to get to the selfies,
they must be someone
really close.
Could it be someone
from her office?
Has she never
lost her phone?
We can ask her now.
Are you all right?
I heard you were
interviewed.
How did it go?
You're not being put on
waitlist again, are you?
It'll take a few days
for them to decide.
Hey, Bo Na.
- Yes?
- Did you know?
- Know what?
- That Mr. Cho did it.
Are you sure it's him?
There is
only one person...
who would
do such a thing...
to me or Mr. Nam.
So?
Why are you telling me?
Because
you're his assistant.
I thought
you might know something.
Guys.
Why do you
keep doing this?
Just be honest with me.
Are you suspicious of me?
Yes.
It bothers me
that you borrowed...
my phone
a few days ago.
Yoon Yi.
You should check
your transfer records.
Hey, hey, hey!
You guys are driving me
crazy.
What's wrong with you?
If you're so suspicious,
get someone...
professional
to check for you.
Seriously.
I'm begging you.
Let's not do this
among friends.
What if it proves it?
What?
What if it proves
it was Bo Na?
Then what?
That's why I can't do it.
In case it proves what
I don't want to believe.
I'm too afraid to.
What is this?
It's information on your
89th personal assistant.
I said not to do this
anymore.
It's information
you need to know.
I'll take care of it,
so leave.
You should act soon,
- before the adults...
- Get out!
Sir.
The meeting may run long.
Wouldn't it be better
to have lunch first?
The timing
is a bit awkward.
I'm not hungry.
Okay.
Jung Ae!
What happened?
Why weren't you
picking up?
- How long has it been?
- Why are you...
- Wow.
- Jung Ae!
I've missed you.
You got prettier.
Do you know her?
Sorry?
Well...
No.
Life in the US
must be good.
Hey! What's wrong
with you?
Shoot. Hey.
You should be in Chicago.
Why are you here?
What about my sister?
Why is she here?
I can't stand this
anymore.
Hey. Calm down
and listen to me.
About the trip
to Hong Kong...
Yes?
Go with me.
Sorry? Me?
Yes. You have a passport,
right?
A passport.
Well... But...
The thing is...
I have...
a lot of work to get done
next week,
and I have some important
matters at home,
so I can't...
Are those
the only reasons...
why you can't go?
Sorry?
Well... Yes.
Get out.
Sir.
I guess everyone's out
for lunch.
Sir.
It's lunch time.
Is it already?
Yes. What would you like?
I'll go out and pick up
a sandwich or...
- Hey.
- Come in.
Ta-da!
We brought lunch!
- Look!
- You didn't eat, right?
Eat with us.
Okay.
What are you doing?
Come join us.
Yoon Yi, you too.
- Sit.
- Eat.
These are fruits.
Here.
What...
How nice.
- Seriously.
- Gosh.
This place...
is famous for selling
only one per person,
but we wanted to get one
for each of you.
It turns out, the owner
likes Song Dae Kwan.
So I did this for him.
"I'm in a good mood."
"How do you feel?"
Then, he went, "Take it!"
So, I did.
- Let's eat, please.
- Okay, okay.
Thank you.
Yoon Yi.
Yours is bulgogi,
your favorite.
You didn't know, right?
Remember it.
- Thank you.
- Thank you!
But...
did you all know about us?
I...
- I knew first!
- I could tell...
- You were so obvious!
- Of course!
- Totally.
- Goodness.
- I knew...
- You were...
This is the Year
of the Golden Dog.
Among those in YB born
in the Year of the Dog,
Mr. Nam
is the most senior.
He met Jwa Yoon Yi,
who brought fortune,
and became successful.
Thus,
our department's
performance shot up!
Our MD increased
my body temperature.
He acts cold,
but he's super warm
on the inside.
Have you ever received
thermals from your boss?
I have.
They're crazy warm.
Did they show
inappropriate PDA?
Are they having an affair?
You won't ask something
so tasteless, will you?
Is dating a coworker
a crime?
If you ask if Mr. Nam
did something wrong,
it was only
that he loved a woman,
and that woman loved him
shamelessly.
Simply put, our department
is filled with love.
The video department...
- is love!
- Is love!
It's nice eating together.
It tastes better.
Right?
What did you decide
to do about him?
Don't ask.
I shouldn't have asked!
I'm sorry!
Show us Song Dae Kwan
selling meat.
- Sure.
- No!
You have no idea
how good this is.
Tell us about the raccoon.
Whose idea was it?
- That's right.
- We all saw it!
Right?
- Yes. Tell us!
- We saw it!
Sir. Mr. Cho Sang Moo and
some executives are here.
[Kocowa Ver] E13 Jugglers "Come Closer or Go Away"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Sir.
We must make Nam Chi Won
step down as head...
of the video department.
His scandal...
has spread beyond
the walls of YB,
and is spreading
even globally.
One little worm
is damaging...
YB's image...
The ethics committee
hasn't decided yet,
and we don't know
what his intentions are.
Don't be so rash.
You keep letting
your personal feelings...
interfere and...
This is a petition by
the executives...
requesting Nam Chi Won's
dismissal.
(Nam Chi Won's dismissal
is requested.)
(Cho Sang Moo,
Kim Tae Gon, Moon Min Ho)
(YB Group Reorganization)
What do you mean?
Mi Ae came to the office?
Yes.
Right when I was with
Mr. Hwangbo, too.
Where is she now?
Kyung Rye took her home.
What do I do?
I'm so scared.
I feel like
Mr. Hwangbo knows.
The way he looks at and
talks to me is different.
You need to calm down.
Let's all gather at your
place and discuss this.
Okay.
Yoon Yi. The VP is here.
We need to go.
Hurry.
Just a minute.
You sit too, Yoon Yi.
You must be
very stressed.
No, sir. I'm fine.
Aren't you sick of seeing
him at work and at home?
Say what you came to say.
I think...
the two of you...
should split up
for the time being.
We'll wait for the ethics
committee's decision,
but move out of the house.
Why? I did nothing wrong.
There's way too much
attention on you two.
Just until
things calm down.
Think of it as
you're avoiding a shower.
You told me before
to face things head-on.
Now, you're telling me
to avoid it?
Chi Won.
Yoon Yi.
- I think I...
- You'll move out?
Yes. I think I should.
You told Mr. Do
that you wouldn't.
You were so confident.
Why are you saying this?
I thought it over,
and he was right.
You think on your own
and decide as you wish.
You're just...
giving me notice.
It's not like that.
You said you'd protect me.
You said you'd stay
by my side.
I'm hanging on because of
that one promise,
but you had
a change of heart?
No. Don't go.
I don't want you to.
I don't want
to be afraid alone again.
This time,
it isn't about
just the two of us.
What?
What do you mean?
Dissolution?
It came down from
headquarters.
The departments will get
the notice soon.
You know the executives
are upset about...
the whistleblowing project
you proposed, right?
But now, with this
adding to it,
you gave them a good
excuse...
to take down
the video department.
Are you saying you'll
get rid of our department?
Either that,
or I'm sure someone
will try to absorb it.
You were overwhelmed
with our problem already.
I didn't want to add on
another source of stress.
Mr. Nam.
I'm a member of
the video department...
before
I'm your girlfriend.
How could you make me
an immature...
whiny girl
who knows nothing?
Had I known...
Let's go.
Pack emergency medicine.
It may get cold,
so pack thermals too.
You'll need a thick
jacket too.
I think your luggage
is too small.
Do you have a bigger one?
Why? Are you sending me
away for good?
Leave me your key
when you go.
If I miss you
or get bored or something,
I'll come up
and read some comic books.
You don't have to
if you don't want to.
Aren't you hungry?
Want some ramyeon?
Wait. I'll light that.
Step back.
Careful.
I can handle this much.
I react differently
depending on how I feel,
but when I'm with
a certain someone,
I always feel good.
What?
Whatever.
Hurry up and make ramyeon.
You don't have any bowls.
I couldn't do the dishes.
Let's just eat
from the pot.
It looks good.
I never expected to eat
ramyeon that you make.
Thank you.
Enjoy.
Thanks.
Go in. It's cold.
I'll see you off.
I don't want you
to see me leave.
Go inside.
You have plans
with your friends.
Go eat and drink,
and cheer up.
Call me
when you get there.
Call before you go to bed
and when you wake up.
Sure.
He'll be back anyway.
Hello.
Hey.
What are you doing here?
You said to come.
You don't come
just because I ask you to.
I was...
in the area,
and I had time to kill.
I owe you...
for singing to me too.
You came to me...
instead of playing with
Gapsoon?
Is that it, Gapdol?
Chi Won.
How much...
do you trust Gapsoon?
Why do you ask?
You know,
for me,
I'm scared
that the person...
that I trust...
really isn't who
that person is.
It scares me.
I always thought that
person was on my side,
and believed that person
was on my side,
so the thought that
I was wrong...
angers me.
I thought you had
a good eye.
But you can't tell...
whether someone is
on your side or not?
You're right.
Trusting someone...
regardless of
all of that...
is true faith.
Regardless...
of all of that?
Sorry, Mi Ae.
Even if...
you had no choice because
of that jerk husband,
how could you fake your
identity to get a job?
As a corporate heir's
personal assistant, too?
Gun Woo will hear.
At least you know
you should be ashamed.
That's enough.
Sure, you're too naive
to know anything.
What about you guys?
You should've stopped her,
but one instigated it, and
the others played along.
What if...
we get caught?
What happens to her?
You study law in the US,
so you should know better.
You may go to jail...
for forging documents...
and tortious interference.
The same goes for you,
Yoon Yi.
What?
Then what do we do?
What if we get caught?
Should we just
come clean...
and ask for forgiveness?
I will...
not forgive anyone!
Why are they doing this
to me?
I will... You know...
Destroy you all.
Destroy them.
Shoot.
What a nice place.
It's nice being rich.
Chi Won.
Don't go.
Live with me.
Did you unpack?
Pretty much.
Where are you?
At a guest house.
A very fancy...
traditional Korean house.
My boyfriend is so rich.
You sound dejected.
Am I imagining that?
It's because...
Mr. Nitpick
isn't upstairs.
We've been apart for
less than half a day.
I know.
Why does half a day
feel so long?
You must be tired.
Go to sleep.
Okay.
Good night.
(Forging documents,
tortious interference)
Oh, no.
I'm losing my mind.
Why do these bombs...
keep going off
left and right like this?
I'm seriously
losing my mind.
People can't find out.
No, they can't.
They can't.
Mr. Nam hates it
the most...
when people lie.
What do I do?
Okay.
Let's get some cold air...
and wake up.
Wake up...
Mr. Nam?
I'm not a hallucination.
I'm real.
You're real.
You came back already?
No.
I just missed you.
It hasn't been that long
since you left.
What if I had no idea
and fell asleep?
What would you have done?
What?
You said you couldn't
sleep without me.
- Were you lying?
- No.
What do I do?
I don't think...
I'll ever sleep again.
Oh, no.
I can't come over
every day.
Then?
Look at the stars.
There are so many stars.
You're right.
How pretty.
What the...
My gosh.
What's wrong with you?
What do you mean?
Let's have breakfast.
You said
you wanted to eat.
Exactly.
Someone needs to cook.
Who? Me?
Should the landlord cook?
What a feast.
Thank you for the food.
You eat up too!
You're going to make me
throw up. Stop that.
It's yummy.
How does canned food
taste so good?
Are you bipolar?
You were depressed
just yesterday.
What's wrong?
Chi Won.
I'm scared...
that the person I trust...
isn't really who
that person is.
Is terrifies me.
Let's eat first.
Let's eat.
What is it?
Tuna.
It's nice coming to work
with you.
Isn't it?
On our way home, let's
stop by the supermarket.
I'm craving braised
pollack. Make it for me.
That's enough already.
Are you living together?
We are.
We're living together.
- You are?
- Yes, we are.
I guess living with people
is your thing.
It's better than digging
up dirt on people.
You should give up trying
to dig up dirt on people.
This is a warning.
I warned you first,
not to mess with Yoon Yi.
Don't you know you get
ejected...
if you break a rule
after a warning?
I know, you punk.
Shall we see
who gets ejected first?
This is so much fun!
It's better than a drama!
Darn it. I want to know
how it ends.
Okay.
Please continue next time.
That little psycho.
He's always late to work
because of the dramas.
It's even nicer seeing you
today.
Sir.
There was a company-wide
notice today.
- Here you go.
- Thank you.
Our department
will be safe, right?
Of course.
The video department
became solidified...
when they scouted Mr. Nam.
The problem is evaluations
are based on performance.
We're low on the totem
pole in performance.
Intra-company videos can't
be evaluated like that.
It's the subsidiaries'
means of communication.
That worries me too.
Mr. Cho is dying to
take down our department.
He won't miss
this opportunity.
Let's get ready.
You're here.
Get ready.
Okay.
(YB Group Reorganization)
My life is finally...
seeing some sunlight.
I'll have to use this
to eat up...
the video department
whole.
This is a report on
the video department's...
performance over
the past three years.
Our department and theirs
overlapped a lot,
so it'll probably be easy
to merge the two.
Good. This is so good.
Finally, the big picture
that I've been drawing...
is coming together.
If our department wants
to survive reorganization,
we must prove our worth
on our own.
That's why we must
make sure...
the whistleblowing project
becomes a success.
If you look at complaints
made about YB,
unfair work distribution
is the more prevalent.
Among all the departments,
it is the worst...
in Advertisement Planning.
Our first episode
will be...
unfair work distribution
in Ad Planning.
Let's get to it.
Trusting someone...
regardless of
all of that is true faith.
Sir.
This fax came
from Hong Kong.
Ms. Wang.
- Yes?
- Isn't there...
something you want
to tell me?
Something you need to
tell me, but couldn't...
because of
certain circumstances.
What if we get caught?
What happens to her?
You may go to jail
for forging documents...
and tortious interference.
No, sir. There isn't.
I'll get going then.
(Wang Jung Ae)
(Family:
Husband, sister, son)
Wang Jung Ae.
Who...
are you?
Our department
will be okay, right?
We'll make it that way.
I can't think straight
lately.
With the ethics committee
and the reorganization...
and...
And?
Your tenant moving out?
Let's eat...
something so delicious
that your runaway brain...
will come right home.
Okay.
- Mr. Nam.
- Yes?
Just a minute.
You don't mind
the cameras anymore?
It's okay now.
(Epilogue)
(Notice to Lodger)
What is this?
I'm feeding and housing
you for free.
You should do
at least this much.
Notice to Lodger.
You shall wear the same
outfit as the owner.
You shall play games
with the owner...
for at least three hours
a day.
You shall perform
basic housekeeping duties.
Were you unable
to sleep again...
because I wasn't there?
Yes.
Sing me a lullaby.
When the mom
goes to the sea
To catch oysters
The baby stays home alone
And watches the house
Then the lullaby
that the sea sings
Puts the baby to sleep
The baby falls asleep
To the sound of the sea
(Jugglers)
Why don't you win over
the employees...
in preparation?
A working mom.
Would it be better for us
to merge with Ad Planning?
Stop talking like our
department will be gone.
I asked who you were.
Why did you bring her
to me?
Why?
When you return
to being my assistant,
wear these and run to me.
Maybe I shouldn't have
bought her shoes.
What if she never
comes back?
The final department that
will be dissolved is...